Let's move on to the next one.
So, we're going on to 3.
The Wacky Grid.
Okay, so as you can see here for
the Wacky Grid.
We're gonna start with mobile.
We have a bunch of images
stacked on top of each other.
We're gonna go to a tablet where
we've got our images side by side.
One big one in the middle.
And the we go on to this weirdo layout,
they sort of look like they're
kinda thrown in space, don't they?
Okay, so
let's look at these one at a time.
Anyone wanna make a comment
about this particular design?
What is one of the things that
stands out about this design?
>> One column and six rows.
>> Okay, one column, six rows.
What else?
>> Everything identical size.
>> Everything's an identical size,
including the height.
That should bring to mind that object fit,
object cover trick, right?
Object position thing.
Okay, so somehow we're gonna have to
do that to make everything the same
height and the same width.
So, that should be relatively
straightforward, right?
Okay?
Then we go to one like this.
What's going on here?
>> Coffee imposter in the middle.
>> Yes,
the coffee imposter is in the middle.
[LAUGH]
>> We've rearranged the croissant picture
from the bottom to the middle.
>> Yeah.
>> And
we've made it bigger taking up to columns.
>> Exactly.
So, the croissant.
This is the source order for the webpage.
So, this is the order that the pictures
are in the text and everything.
Croissants at the bottom here.
But, when we get to our tablet, we've
put the croissant in the middle, okay?
So, now we have to do something with our
grid cells right for the layout here.
Okay, and
then we get to the whacked out one.
And this is not really obvious
what's going on here, right?
It's totally not possible, doesn't it?
[LAUGH] How on earth could you
make images do this weird thing?
Only by accident, right?
>> It looks like maybe you might
have an odd number of columns.
>> Yeah.
>> And
be sort of staggering what appears where.
>> Yeah.
>> Look less gritty.
>> There you go.
So, rather than saying, well,
we have two images here.
This obviously must be two columns, right?
Does it have to be?
No, you could have many more
columns than that, right?
So, here's a hint for you.
Here's a 12-column grid system.
These were very popular in
the bootstrap days, okay?
So, here's your 12-column grid system and
here are your images underneath.
That should give you a hint about
how this might be done, right?
Your images are spanning various cells and
rows here as you go along the way.
But fortunately,
we don't start with desktop, do we?
What do we start with?
No, no, not mobile.
Semantic HTML.
Shame on you.
Okay, so we start with semantic HTML.
So, let's go ahead and do that first.
There's make time for coffee.
[LAUGH] There it is.
I've given you links to all of
the images here inside of code pen.
So, what I'm gonna need for you to do
is to mark this up appropriately, and
we'll talk about it in a moment,
all right?
All right.
So, how did everybody do
with the semantic HTML?
Good?
Fantastic, tell me about what you did for
your code?
Yeah, Andrew.
>> I put absolutely
everything in a wrapper.
>> Everything should go in a wrapper,
okay?
And what element did you use for
your wrapper?
>> Div.
>> You can use a div.
I use a section for my wrapper,
because I felt like this was all
kind of vaguely related information.
So, might be some sort of
homepage layout kind of thing.
But, you can certainly use a div
as well that would be okay.
What else?
How did you mark up make time for coffee?
>> Put that all in an H1 put coffee
in the span class with fancy text.
>> Yep.
>> But, I also put that in what
I call the card div as well.
Because, I know that going forward,
we know that that make time for
coffee had the same size
as the images themselves.
So, I noticed, maybe, they'll all
wanna be in the same kind of wrapper.
>> Okay, so
you put another wrapper around your H1?
>> Yeah, I called it little card.
>> Little card, okay.
[LAUGH] All right.
I did not put my H1 in that, but
that is something to think about.
We'll follow that away when
we get to our mobile layout.
We might wanna put a div around that.
And then for each of the images,
you're gonna need to put a div
around each one of your images.
So, we have the image itself
with the image element, right?
The source I gave you and then,
hopefully, you all put in Alt text.
Shame, shame if you did not.
Put in your Alt text.
And then around each one of
those I put a div with and
I gave mine a class of
image hyphen wrapper.
You might have called your something else,
okay?
So, the markup is really
not terribly semantic.
[LAUGH] Also not terribly difficult.
Because, the challenge here is
really gonna be on the grid true.
Okay, fantastic.